If you need to move, or you need something moved to a new location, we have the right vehicles, equipment, and crew for the job. We have various sizes of trucks to match your requirements. 

They are all modern and well-maintained to ensure their reliability. Our trucks are fully equipped with everything required to complete your move professionally and efficiently. This includes dollies as well as blankets to protect your belongings and wrap and straps to keep everything in place when on our truck. 

Each person on our crews is experienced and well-trained, and we have a low turnover of staff, ensuring consistency in the level of service that we offer. We’ll customise that service according to your requirements. This includes, for example, providing you with moving services at the weekend as we work seven days a week.

 It also includes moving awkward, heavy, and bulky items, and it includes moving items where access is an issue. We have extensive experience in the industry and a reputation for quality and trustworthy services as well as honest and affordable pricing. Get in touch today to find out more or you can book online to secure a truck and crew for your moving date. As expert house movers in Auckland, we make the process of moving home as stress-free as possible. 

You can then concentrate on the excitement and anticipation that usually comes with moving to a new home. This includes planning where you want everything to go and getting you and your family settled in. While you’re doing that, our crew will do all the heavy lifting.

 We stand out from other house moving companies in Auckland because of the level of professionalism we offer. A huge amount of our customers come from referrals, repeat business, and word of mouth recommendations.

 We are proud of this as it shows our past clients were happy with the service we delivered. You’ll get everything you need from us too. So, for household removals and any other moving service you need in Auckland, get in touch with us at Express Movers today. 

For more info :- https://www.expressmovers.co.nz/ 
